Examples on how to deploy MinIO tenants with Let's Encrypt certificates (#1083)
minio/operator: docs/lets-encrypt.md

or any other major public cloud provider this functionality is included out of the box, if you are deploying this on a 
bare metal `kubernetes` cluster you can use [metallb](https://metallb.universe.tf/), ie:
```bash
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/metallb/metallb/v0.12.1/manifests/namespace.yaml
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/metallb/metallb/v0.12.1/manifests/metallb.yaml
kubectl apply -f https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/examples/loadbalancer/metallb-configmap.yaml
```
- [Nginx](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/) ingress controller installed
```bash
helm repo add nginx-stable https://helm.nginx.com/stable
helm repo update
helm install nginx-ingress  nginx-stable/nginx-ingress \
    --set rbac.create=true \
    --set controller.service.type=LoadBalancer \
    --set controller.service.externalTrafficPolicy=Local \
    --set controller.service.annotations."service\.beta\.kubernetes\.io/aws-load-balancer-proxy-protocol"="*" \
    --set controller.config.use-proxy-protocol="true"
```
- [kustomize](https://kustomize.io/) installed

> - Configure your DNS provider to route traffic from your domains `minio.example.com` (the MinIO s3 endpoint) and `console.example.com`
> (the graphical UI for MinIO) to the IP address of the server that will run the ingress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configure your DNS to route traffic from the MinIO Tenant S3 API hostname (e.g. minio.example.com) and the Tenant Console  hostname(e.g. console.example.com) to the IP address of the worker node running ingress.
```

Reviewer: Minor tweak to emphasize these are examples

### Deploy tenant

In this example you are going to request a certificate valid for two domains, `minio.example.com` and `console.example.com`, replace `example.com`
for the actual domain you want to use.

Create a new `ClusterIssuer` that will request a certificate from `Let's Encrypt`:

```bash
cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
apiVersion: cert-manager.io/v1
kind: ClusterIssuer
metadata:
  name: letsencrypt-prod
  namespace: cert-manager
spec:
  acme:
    server: https://acme-v02.api.letsencrypt.org/directory
    email: contact@example.com
    privateKeySecretRef:

>       name: letsencrypt-prod

Reviewer: I'm guessing this is a secret containing a private key of some sort? or does cert-manager handle it assuming that this and metadata.name match?

Reviewer 2: that's where let's encrypt will store private keys
